Glad you asked.

Disploy is a portmanteau of the words Display and Deploy. I originally conceived this idea as a feature in a graphical math game I was developing. I planned to implement a secret developer console to interact with and manipulate the elements of the game. 

As I gave the concept more thought, I ditched the math game completely and became obsessed with the idea of a developer console for developers- A command line interface (CLI) within a website that could be used to work with different APIs. 

An API playground. A Supercharged Search Bar.

I found my first real inspiration in SparkTab, which was developed by a legendary team from Lehigh University at PennApps in Spring 2013. My intended function and their end-product overlapped somewhat, and what they were able to accomplish in 40 hours served as a proof-of-concept. I knew that what I planned to do on a larger scale was indeed possible. Disploy's multitude of features can be used by the technically adept as well as those just looking to innovate their web browsing experience.


Enough History. Learn how to use Disploy. 

The Command Line included on this website isn't as difficult to use as the one that came preinstalled on your desktop. The command syntax, which I call Disploy Logic, attempts to mimic natural language. It's as simple as using a search bar. Display modifies existing tiles, deploy creates new ones, and disploy supports admin features and the functionality of sparktab. A quick peek at the guide and you'll be good to go. And if the feature you're looking for doesn't exist-


It will soon. Disploy is open source.

I want people around the world to be able to contribute to this project. If the github repository isn't available at the time you're reading this, fear not- it will be soon. I'm probably in the process of organizing and documenting my code.


Contact me.

This might be the first time in my life where I can say We Need to Talk and be taken seriously. Please excuse my sophmoric tendencies- We should talk if you're at all interested in this project or, by some miracle, me. You can email me at address. Use a descriptive title- I get an awful lot of unsolicited stock tips.




